"In any certain people, it is all our disciplines. From what? From this Tathang Gada Garbha.
Therefore, Tathang Gada Garbha many times, we heard this, we read these books, and teaching we
heard too.
Two, is ground of all. Ground of all. All means the evidence, simple way, ground of samsara, ground
of niram. All souls of samsara, souls of niram."
And how is that dharmakaya, or the "Song Gada Garbha", then explain it. That source is, the next
one is, primordial enlightened. It's already pure.
For those reasons, I'm saying this because I'm repeating the teaching as much as I can, can follow
it. All is enlightened. That's what the teaching says.
Senkinam Sani Mooji, "Senkinam Sani Mooji laugher tomato." Yet, it's obscured by the obscurations.
And even there's many times in my sadness, sadness, and bodhicitta. And as we are ordinary Buddha,
and that way, we know and knows or live like the bodhicitta.
Those are teachings in ordinary Buddha. But now we are not Buddha, because our mishandled of this
nature, call it beautiful, due to the duality and the publications.
It's not mishandled. We propose it's mishandled due to our ignorance. All reaction to the nature,
we then create the duality, according to the teaching.
See, we create. It's just, it's kind of twisted. And then we carry it on that. Then we carry it.
That's it.
So there. And this is how that is, that ordinary nature is, what's called pre-modally enlightened.
So ordinary enlightened also. That's what many times say.
Our japat is, our awareness is some of the badder of the awareness. Our japat is japat kundasam. Or
our kundasam is ordinary kuyu, is a kundasam, or dharmat, kaya, say this.
And how that is, free from the three doors. Or it has three doors, say. That means what? This
nature of the dharmakaya is free from the cause, free from the identity, and free from the result.
It's totally free. And for that reason, what is? Dharmakaya is free from the birth, free from the
existing, free from the ending.
Decline or season. Those are known as namtasam. It's all namtasam. In namtasam, it means liberated
already. Namtasam means liberated.
Three different, three liberated states. Liberated states here. Yeah, it's isolated here too. Three
liberated states. That's it. It's all right.
Beacon is liberated, middle is liberated, end is liberated. All past is liberated, present is
liberated, future is liberated.
Birth is liberated, existing liberated, end is liberated. Jenga is next to namtasam. So that is
really hard.
So this is what that liberated. It's absolutely great, empty state. That dharmakaya. Dharmakaya, t
athagatagarbha is total emptiness.
And then, yeah, that is a symbolic terminology. That is always this tathagatagarbha is tuchu state.
Tuchu state. Always in the tuchu state. Totally tuchu state.
Tuchu state. And then it has all the collage of luminicity. That is what, again, as we used,
essence is empty, nature is luminicity.
What is that? The absolute experience with the spontaneous display of the three Gaius are united.
So that is luminicity qualities. That means what? Three Gaius are united in that state.
Tathangatagarbha, Buddha nature, we're talking now, of course, in a very extended kind of outerly,
reality, we all have that.
Our nature of the mind, or the ease, always in the tuchu state, or our pure awareness is always in
tuchu state.
Our nature of that pure state of tuchu is always combined, inherited, and reached by the three Gai
us.
Tuchu state is naturally open. So three Gaius states, always united. And therefore, then he said, t
ichu and the rationales manifested their mind, mind inseparable.
The air here is as a mind, but if I, yeah, mind, the air, but all is the display of the primordial
wisdom of the Sagatangarbhas.
So therefore, as I said, in it, in it, in it, the Yishira, the Hanyakkoh, self-dispelator of the,
self-dispelator of the rationales of the rationales.
So it's not something higher in the laws. Equal states. Equal status. And so in separate wisdom.
Therefore, their deeds and aspirations, excellent merits, and so their deeds and their process
already in that status, three Gaius states, therefore, then this all is.
Everything is like a powerful status. So here, the teacher and the rationales manifested their mind
in separate status.
And here, their deeds, their, sorry, their deeds, their aspirations, and excellency, and myself, so
all is equal, according to one's, glories, glories, glories, glories.
So here, up to that, so the teacher and his rationales, or here, it says his, teacher and the
rationales are manifested, manifested in the mind inseparably,
and what his mind, inseparably, that, that is, up to that is perfect rationalism. I'm trying to
explain that, please.
Now, they're explaining of the perfect time. When the perfect time comes, then, so what's the
perfect time?
There, the deeds and aspirations, excellent merits. Merits mean that is, that is time, perfect time
. That means the merit or the situation and the circumstances of everything is really, really.
That readiness is, I'm taking as perfect time. That readiness, so that means the perfect place is
there, the perfect teacher is there, the perfect rational is there, and that, the situation, the
circumstances, and all that is aspiration, everything is there, and that is perfect time, perfect
time.
And for that is not myself and the spirit of others, equal portion one's glory is, glory, so, the
myself and the spirit of others, equal portion, eros, so eros, eros, that is, that indicated time,
perfect time.
The situation, the circumstances, eros, perfect, that is the perfect time, time to ex form of these
teachings.
Then, here mentioned, mentioned, some of those who are not ready to this, then it is not really
right time to share this, this teaching, if they are not ready.
So that is like, as we put the questions, if everything is ready, perfect, then teachings arise,
but if certain ones are not completely ready, what is that? Then what?
And this generally in the Buddha teaching says, that everyone has opportunity, it's not just a...